Feature/tinymce5update 3 releases 5.0.14 to 5.0 (#2321)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/release-notes5014.adoc

The autocompleter API now provides a new `reload` function to allow the autocompleter menu to reload, with potentially more or different results. This could be used for a "More..." menu item that would load more results.

> See the autocompleter documentation for information: https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/ui-components/autocompleter/[https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/ui-components/autocompleter/]

Reviewer: This should be an xref instead and the URL text will need updating.
```suggestion
See the autocompleter documentation for information: xref:ui-components/autocompleter.adoc[UI components - Autocompleter]
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: There's a link above under the `Bug Fixes` heading that should be a xref. e.g:
```
For a list of bug fixes included in this release, see: xref:changelog.adoc#version5014august192019[Changelog - Version 5.0.14]
```
